Prompt: Write a story of 750 to 800 words in third-person perspective about someone trapped in a spaceship after the outbreak of a disease at their destination. It is their first day on the job reporting to a space exploration vessel. The protagonist is alone in a small shuttle ship, and they escape infection by not docking with their destination. Make it exciting and not scary. The ending should be ambiguous. They are on a small craft with a limited range. The protagonist can interact with the crew at a star base and at the destination ship. End the story with a conversation in which someone wishes the protagonist luck.

Story: Shuttle Three to the SS Sentinel. Permission to dock, please.” Elin, the pilot and lone passenger, waited for a response. Thirty seconds, then sixty. Still nothing.
        “Repeat: This is Shuttle Three to Sentinel. Permission to dock as requested.” After the seconds stretched into silence again, the communicator finally crackled, buzzed, but then it fell lifeless.
        “Once again, Lieutenant Elin requesting permission to dock Shuttle Three.” The pilot waited again, beginning to shift nervously in the slightly worn, padded flight chair. The comm panel display showed no signal coming in from the Sentinel.
        Elin pulled the shuttle closer to the ship’s main docking bay, hoping to get a visual on what caused the delay. The Lieutenant swung the small, two-person craft around to a three-meter port on the ship’s underside. The dock hung open, the two sets of interlocking doors parted to reveal an abandoned bay. No suited-up workers waited inside to receive the scheduled arrival. 
        “Odd,” said Elin, into the silence of the tiny craft.
        The pilot brought the shuttle into view of the two secondary docking ports. One appeared normal, the doors sealed. The other stood open to the void of space like the main bay, no crew members inside to receive shipments or arrivals.
        The irregularities convinced Elin to switch comm channels. “Elin to Command. Elin to Command. Seeking permission to dock in Secondary Bay 1. Please advise.”
        Finally, the comm lit up, and a voice came through. Captain Yancey’s voice, which had sounded cool and professional in Elin’s ship assignment packet, now blared through the speaker in obvious alarm.                                 “Lieutenant! Do not dock! I repeat. Do not dock! We have a quarantine situation on the ship. Do not dock, and do not board! It’s in our life support systems. It’s everywhere! The Command Bridge is sealed off on auxiliary life support, but we don’t know how long we can last like this.” The comm fell silent again.
        Elin, newly commissioned communications officer and pilot trainee, approved for her first assignment just last week, and now stuck outside a quarantined star cruiser. Because of course.
        The Lieutenant thumbed the coordinates to contact StarBase. “Hello, Base? This is Elin, sent on assignment to the SS Sentinel. The ship is in a quarantine situation. Request to return to base until situation is resolved.”
        The comm panel lit up again, and a loud pop issued over the speakers. “Negative! Negative! Do not return to base. We have an outbreak of unknown origin. We’re in quarantine too, since 0800.” It was Jemison. The Lieutenant detected an uncharacteristic undertone of panic in his voice.
        Elin felt the same panic rise in her gut. She took a breath and tamped it down, straining to remain professional. “If I stay at the Sentinel any longer, I won’t have enough fuel and O2 to return to base. Please advise.”
        “See if the Sentinel has any fuel cells they can put out into one of their docks for you. This thing keeps spreading exponentially. I think you’re going to have to return to Homeworld. Can the shuttle make the jump?”
        “It’s not approved for multisystem travel.” Elin’s teeth clenched.
        “Lieutenant, consider it approved.”
        Jemison was not the type to make a hasty decision. “Are you sure, Commander?”
        “Yes, Elin. I’ll send you what data we have on the outbreak and an approval to land.”
        “Commander, I’ve tried several times to contact the Sentinel. Yancey indicated that it has spread throughout the ship. I don’t know if anyone will be there to receive me or to put out fuel cells and O2 cans.”
        The comm panel blinked on, then off again. Elin heard some chatter in the background during the brief burst. Jemison’s voice filled the space again after a brief silence. “Elin, we’re no longer able to raise any signal from the Sentinel, Do you have a bio-haz suit on board?”
        “Yes, Commander. I have one in Emergency Supply.” Elin breathed in, anticipating what the officer had in mind.
        “I need you to force-dock with the Sentinel and go through the airlock using the standard manual sequence. Record everything you find there and send the video to me and to Homeworld Command. This is bad, Lieutenant. Very bad. We have to find out what we’re dealing with here.” 
Elin swallowed hard. “Do you have any sense of what I’ll find?”
        “Our people are in full haz-suits in the lab trying to work that out. It’s not anything we’ve seen before. Turns biological organisms into a puddle of bloody goo. Good luck on your first assignment, Lieutenant.” Jemison laughed grimly. “Be glad you launched yesterday before it took hold here.”

=====

Prompt: Write a 1,400 word story about someone trapped in a spaceship. The main character was traveling between Earth and Mars when they were attacked by pirates. At the end of the story, the main character should be alone and unable to escape. While they are trapped, they think about their grandfather, who was a truck driver. The story should have a melancholic tone.

Story: After more than a decade of running transport missions in this comfortable, old shuttle, my body felt more at ease in my captain’s seat than it did laying next to Kate in my own bed at home. 
        As always, right at the moment of launch, I touched the medallion my Pap got from the Teamsters. I kept it next to the control panel. It was my talisman. Over the years, it had taken on a spiritual quality. Pap had been one of the very last Teamsters to drive an over-the-road truck in those final years before the self-driving freights took the last of the jobs. The open road had been his church, his sacred space. I’d joined the union the year before he passed away. 
        Of course, like the thousands of others in my apprenticeship, we were trained to move {2} goods on shuttles between port cities on Earth and the new colonies on Mars. It gave Pap a sense of awe that the same union that had negotiated protections and wages for the generations of laborers now represented his strange, quiet granddaughter as she shuttled essentials between Earth and our neighboring planet. 
        This launch had been as uneventful as the hundreds I’d managed before. Now, I let my mind relax as I took in the familiar view of the pretty green and blue globe dimming behind me. The vast beauty of space flabbergasted me that first time, all those years ago. By now, it too had become comforting. As the warm hum of the spacecraft's engines vibrated around me, I programmed the coordinates into my console. This well-worn route was what the open road had been to my Pap: a respite. He’d cherished the quiet of the road; I cherished the quiet of the stars.
        I thought back to the century-old country songs he'd play in his ancient truck. So many of them wax poetic about the love between a man and his rig. I felt that same lyrical affection for my spacecraft. I knew her so well that I loved every part of her, from her sleek metal exterior to the messy captain’s quarters that would be my home for the next fifteen days. 
        It has been almost two months since my last transport. Kate, like so many of the wives in my Pap’s songs, had been putting her foot down more often recently, demanding that I take more time between jobs to stay with her in our crowded little compound in Chicago. Coming home to her was always a joy. But, like the generations of road warriors that I came from, I knew that the only thing I loved more than coming home was leaving home. 
        I loved Kate in a way that surprised me. The fact that a loner like me could love another human so much felt somewhat astonishing at first. But waking up in her arms day after day, bumping into her in every corner of our tiny city quarters, being confined to such a small space for hours, sensing her emotional vibrations, all of it had a way of making me feel itchy. Like my Pap, I needed time alone, a chance to embrace the solitude that had always been at my core.
        In the early days, when I first sat behind the console of my ship, I felt like an adventurer. But the transport routes between Earth and Mars had become the interstate highways of the late twentieth and early twenty-first centuries – well-traveled and predictable. I knew that I wasn’t a pioneer. I was a Teamster, carrying on a tradition of transport that had evolved from the open road to the open skies.
        As I was settling into the silence and comfort of my routine, an alert message appeared on my console. It read: “Storage Docking Approval Request”. The alerts were usually only used when I was near my final destination in the Martian Colony and preparing to unload. Why would this message appear now? Who could be asking for permission to dock with my storage container. I checked my radar. I was in deep space, more than a day’s journey away from any small carrier ship needing to connect to my storage container. 
        I rejected the message and checked my radar. Could another transport ship be in trouble? I reached out to the network, noting the nearest fellow Teamster ship on my radar. It was thousands of miles ahead of me. No one else could be in range.
        Again, the alert message appeared on my screen. Again, I denied the request. 
        The very last time the Pap ever drove, he was taking a haul on the back roads of North Dakota. He was driving an oil tanker on an overnight haul, and it was the blackest of night. Suddenly, ahead of him on an empty road, he saw a small sedan, a real beater, lying at a horrifying angle, tipped over, directly across the highway. He slammed his brakes and ran to see if the driver was injured, leaving his engine running. But when he got to the driver’s door, he saw that the car was empty. 
        Too late, he looked back. Two people, almost invisible in the dark night, were climbing into his truck, reaching for the gear shift. Before he could even yell out, they were gone. His beloved truck and thousands of dollars of oil were taken by thieves. Alone on the road, he watched as the truck that had been his career, his home, and his identity, disappeared down the empty, cold highway.
        Again, the console flashed. “Storage Docking Approval Request.” No. No. Not here. This could only mean one thing. My body froze in horror. Cold sweat dripped down my neck.
        On my radar, a tiny irregularity appeared. Another ship appeared on the screen. Only Teamsters were approved to run this route, and this was no Teamster. Nor was this a government ship. It could only be one thing, the thing that all transporters had learned to fear more than any other: a pirate craft.
        I quickly disabled the auto-drive and took over manual control. I knew this ship better than I knew my own mind. Grabbing the gears that I usually only used for docking, I dramatically swerved off of my pre-programmed path. The small dot on the radar followed, moving closer and closer on my screen. The pirate was gaining on me. If it managed to dock with my ship, there would be little I could do to protect the supply I was transporting.
        I began pounding “Mayday” into my console, trying to alert any other nearby ships about the danger. 
        Then, I heard it. The horrible crash of metal against metal as the warm engine hum shut off. My beautiful ship shuddered and then stalled. 
        There was nothing else to be done. All I could do was follow protocol. I programmed into my console, “Disconnect” and felt my ship shudder as the storage container fell away from my captain’s quarters. 
        Now, all I had to do was shut my whole system down, restart it, and I should be able to return to the Earth port, sacrificing my haul, but saving my life. I hit the manual override and turned my ship completely off. All the power shut down. I was in complete silence. I held my breath as I hit the manual restart of the engines. Again, I heard the grating, ugly sound of metal grating against metal. When the pirates’ craft crashed against my storage container, it damaged the engine. My shuttle wouldn’t restart.
        It was all over in a moment. Out of my window, I saw the pirate craft connect to my free floating storage container and gracefully turn away, back in the direction of the dim blue dot of earth. My disconnected captain’s quarters were now just a floating box in the vast empty nothingness of space. 
        I imagined Kate in our cramped compound, with her needs and her love, anxious for my return. I imagined her safe world full of feeling, chaos, and crowded space. I took Pap’s Teamster medallion off of the now useless console and held it in my hands. I looked out at the empty darkness. Soundless, motionless stillness was all around me. Solitude. Perfect and permanent solitude.

=====

Prompt: Write a story about someone trapped in a spaceship, but they do not know they are trapped. Write from the perspective of the pilot, a passenger, or even an alien creature imprisoned on the ship which has managed to break free. Write the plot as diary entries. Do not make this a horror story. It can be a thriller, but add some elements of humor. Include in the story a dog that the protagonist interacts with. The story has a sad ending. The word count should be between 1,100 and 1,200 words.

Story: [Mission Date 05.22.3025] 
        It was a dark and stormy night.
        Just kidding.
        It was not any kind of night, because it’s always the same kind of night here, in deep space, on our journey to the new Mars colony. I’m writing to you from my sleeping pod that I share with Artemis, a dog, trained to literally sniff out new life.
        Artemis steals my pillow and begs for food. Apparently, her training was mission focused and lacked some basic etiquette. That’s fine. It is not like I need the one small, hard, pillow in my pod. On the bright side, it is rather cold on the ship, and she helps keep me warm. I should keep this entry short, since she already ate a few pages from my journal. Plus, I have to be up an hour earlier than normal to take Artemis to her “park” before we go to the mess hall for breakfast.
[Mission Date 05.30.3025] 
        I’m on a spaceship, and I write in a paper journal. It might seem odd to you, my dearest Diary, that I prefer a pen and paper over a computer file. However, writing in a journal makes me feel connected to Earth, to home, and to my books that I left behind. It was worth using up some of my assigned luggage space for a few comfort journals. 
        Once in a while, it is a relief to look at something other than a monitor, although the harsh white lights are inescapable. I miss sunlight and fresh air. I would give anything to hear the sound of rain hitting the window. I feel like I am merging with the ship and the routine of it all. Writing to you, on paper, makes me feel like I am holding onto my humanity. It helps me remember my voice, my individuality. It gives me focus as we move through the darkness of space. 
        Duty calls! Until next time, my friend. 
[Mission Date 06.02.3025] 
        Oh. My. God. Diary, Artemis gets up so early in the morning. When I wake up, I see her big blue eyes narrowed, staring at me, her floppy ears in the annoyed position, and the silver of her fur turning dark in the pale light of the room. There is no need for an alarm when I have Artemis’s insistent paw hitting my shoulder to wake me. 
        This is my life now: I start my day with a hit from a paw, followed by a shower, if you can call it that. Artemis and I go to her “park,” a large square of rough grass amongst the other foliage growing to support the mission, then her training sessions, followed by breakfast. Fun now is watching Artemis beg for food during my meals. The afternoon is a repeat of the morning, except I interview ship leaders to chronicle our journey. At first, it was fun learning about all aspects of the mission, and it is part of my job as the mission’s chronicler to record our daily life in the official log. I find there is less and less to record in the log, or even tell you. 
[Mission Date 08.22.3025] 
        It was different at the start of this endeavor, Diary. The first few weeks of the mission were so exciting. A few days before we were to leave, Artemis’s handler got sick with the flu, and I was quickly trained to be her new handler in addition to my chronicling duties. There was a rush to train Artemis and I to work together, then liftoff, and a meeting with the space station.
        The days at the space station were filled with a flurry of activities: interviews, last minute training sessions, group pictures, and our farewell communications to Earth. The view was spectacular, our planet against the backdrop of space; it was everything I dreamed about during training. The view, the mission, everything was amazing, new, and we were heroes about to go forth into the unknown on an important mission. We were a team with a common goal, ready to face any challenge. We were united in leaving our little home planet behind, secure in our sense of humanity, and our belief in the mission. 
[Mission Date 08.27.3025]
        Heroism's glow wanes as existential terror sets in. I am in a metal object floating through the abyss of space. I stare out at the void from one of the windows by Artemis’s “park.” Diary, there are stars, but they do not look the same as they do from Earth. There are no recognizable constellations, if you are not trained to find them, just little glimmers against the blackness. Which is why I am glad to have you. Writing to you breaks the silence of space and the agony of routine. Words are now my constant in the way the stars used to be, but are no longer. 
[Mission Date 11.28.3025] 
        Diary, the days fade together. I would say the days are long, but even time is different on a spaceship. Time is marked by our daily activities, not the rising or setting of the sun. Except for turning the light off in your sleeping pod, nothing changes on the ship to mark the difference between day and night. One moment falls into the next. I never thought that routine would be the biggest challenge to overcome. Routine and waiting. Waiting is what we do on this ship. Everyone is in a holding pattern until our real work begins on Mars.        
        It is hard to keep up morale, and remember that there is a larger goal we are working toward. Waiting for future possibilities is a struggle for everyone, except for Artemis. She loves her routine, and stealing my pillow. Little did I know when I trained for spaceflight, that the most riveting part of my day would be watching Artemis sniff gray things to determine if there is “biological life on it.” For these training sessions, “biological life” is just a grass seed. 
        I'm getting excited about a grass seed.
[Mission Date 12.14.3025] 
        I’m exhausted. Something happened, and we had an emergency alert. An alarm woke me up before Artemis did. Everything is supposedly alright. Our lighting is down to emergency levels, and we are all supposed to gather in the mess hall. Artemis will be upset to miss her “park” time.
        I have to go, until later, dear friend. 
[Earth, 12.28.3025] 
        I can’t believe she is gone. My Artemis, my friend. If it had not been for the flu, I would have been there with her. Me, the person who raised her from a puppy, and who trained her for the mission. She trusted me and I loved her. Hot tears fell heavily on the cold yellow paper delivered by the uniformed men. The words before me blurred in a watery haze: all communication with the spaceship was lost. An emergency pod returned to Earth with classified mission information, including this journal written by the ship’s chronicler.

=====

Prompt: Write a story about someone trapped in a spaceship going faster than the speed of light for exploration purposes, then they suffer an accident. The story should be in first person perspective. The two main characters are a human crew member who stayed behind and a machine intelligence. The word limit should be between 1750 and 1850 words, and the story should end with a rescue by someone unknown to the narrator.

Story: Personal log, three hours after the accident:
        I’m alone now.
        I don’t know what happened; even our Machine Intelligence (who asked us to call it Fred, for some reason) didn’t have enough data to do more than extrapolate a best guess. But our ship, the United Nations Exploratory Ship Outbound Wanderer, experienced some kind of damage to the Faster-Than-Light drive systems. Best guess? Some kind of dark matter particle that was solid enough in FTL-space at just the right time. Well, wrong time.
        After she looked over the engines, Engineer Song explained that our FTL drive couldn’t be shut down anymore. “Luckily,” she said, “we’re only going 10 times the speed of light. Any faster, and I don’t know what would’ve happened to the ship.”
        And of course, whatever caused the accident in the first place damaged two of the five life pods in the process. Ten crew, three pods, with a max of three people per pod, and the math was pretty clear: someone had to stay behind.
        Captain Evans volunteered, said something about the captain going down with her ship and all that. I probably shouldn’t have laughed in her face, but it’s 2214, and we’re not military. “Look,” I continued, “I’m the best suited of all of us to stay back. This is my first time out so I don’t have the experience the rest of you do, but I’m also more familiar with the ship’s systems than any of you, since I helped put it together.”
        The rest of the crew grumbled and tried to convince me to go, but eventually Captain Evans gave in, and that was that.
        Lifepods aren’t shielded against FTL-space, so by now they’re all in normal-space. Broadcasting distress signals for what that’s worth, though Fred did try to drop them near inhabited systems. At this point, I can hope for the best, but prepare for the worst.
        I pushed away from the keyboard, exhaling slowly.
        “Communication Specialist Mills, are you finished with your log?” Fred had picked a voice that wouldn’t have been out of place singing torch songs a couple of centuries ago; MI’s knew about gender and frankly didn’t see the point.
        “As much as I can be, I suppose,” I answered, stretching a bit. A faint whine from the engine spaces reverberated through the hull of the Outbound Wanderer, the only obvious signal the ship wasn’t operating the way it should. I glanced around the bridge: round and sleek and lit as though Earth’s sun was somehow overhead, just out of view.
        “I have some news you may find distressing.”
        “More than being stuck in a ship at FTL with no way to drop back into normal-space?”
        “I’m sorry, yes. I’ve done some more calculations, and the ship has now deviated from its pre-programmed course.”
        Of course it has, I thought. “Is the ship still traveling in a straight line? I mean, as much as that’s possible in FTL-space?”
        “An astute question. The ship is now traveling in what is effectively a curve.” Fred paused. “I’ve calculated our new path, but there is no way to communicate this information to normal-space.”
        “That’s… not good.” I headed back to stowage. “Supplies?” 
        “Sufficient food and fluids for you for approximately four months. The remaining systems were either not affected or Engineer Song was able to effect repairs.”
        “Help build a ship,” I muttered. “Go exploring in a vessel you helped fabricate. See the local galactic regions, and communicate with new sentients.” Stowage was just that: a room full of closets, drawers, cabinets, and bins full of things the crew wouldn’t regularly need.
        “That sounds like the recruitment offers made to the orbital habitats,” Fred offered.
        “It was. When you’re the fourth child, you don’t expect to have any opportunities outside of the family business. It sounded like an easy way to escape a destiny of farming and animal husbandry.” I paused. “Wait, you said all the remaining systems are online, right?”
        “The only systems that could not be repaired are those connected to the FTL drive.” Fred paused, probably an eternity for it. “You have an idea.”
        “Yeah, I think so. Do we have enough material for printing beacons?” By that point, I was sorting through everything that wasn’t food that I couldn’t use for my own needs.
        “The fabricator was used for replacement parts for other damaged systems. Please allow me a moment to – yes, storage appears to have sufficient resources to print four beacons.”
        “And nothing we can repurpose? I don’t know that I’m going to need twenty-seven pairs of pants not in my size.”
        Fred, as with most MIs, had no sense of humor. “Most of the duplicate resources are recyclable, but the specific parts that form the core of the beacon cannot be printed from what is currently available.”
        I grunted acknowledgement. “Right. How much information can we program into the beacons? By we, I mean you Fred.”
        “The beacons can only broadcast their location. They lack the capability that would allow me to provide added information.”
        “Of course,” I sighed. “And I’m going to guess there’s no way to change that?”
        “Not without more materials than are available on this ship.”
        It took me a couple of hours more, but I’d recycled the incidentals that weren’t going to get used. Back in my quarters, my unmade bunk looked like paradise. I’d been dead asleep during the accident, and could feel the fatigue creeping back in. “I think three beacons should be enough to point any rescuers in the right direction. I need at least some sleep, Fred. Can you drop a beacon every, hm, twelve standard hours? I think that should be enough for anyone to find us? Maybe save the fourth for an emergency?”
        “I agree, Communication Specialist Mills. Both for your need for sleep, and your proposed plan. Deploying beacon in five standard minutes, allowing for printing and fabrication time.”
        My bunk had never felt so welcoming.
        Four hours later, I’d gotten enough sleep and had decided to spend at least some time on maintenance. Even in a fabricated ship, things still needed tightening, loosening, and/or lubrication. 
        “My reference database refers to what you are doing as ‘busy work’, Communication Specialist MIlls.”
        “Well, considering there are two more beacons to drop, and even after that there’s no way to know if there’ll be a rescue, I’d like the ship to at least hold together for however long. And I’m not going to go through the rest of the crew’s things. They’re not here to consent, and I don’t need to know what they decided to bring with them.”
        “You are being very considerate.”
        “I wouldn’t want anyone poking around in my stuff if I weren’t here. Not like I had any privacy back home. So I’m kind of a stickler for it now.”
        Fred suggested, “I have an extensive library of entertainment, ranging from literature from the dawn of writing to complex virtual simulations of locations that humanity considers ideal for relaxation.”
        “I appreciate what you’re doing, Fred. And yeah, I’ll probably partake at some point. It’s not like I was going to be doing anything really different if there hadn’t been an accident.”
        Hours led into days, cycles of sleep, maintenance, and entertainment. The ship didn’t need much in the way of maintenance, but I didn’t want to risk anything else coming apart at the seams. Fred said the odds of the accident happening were “exceedingly improbable,” but a one in a trillion chance still means there’s a “one” in there. And even if the chances of a repeat accident were even less likely, I wanted to be prepared. 
        The entertainment I focused on were the novels. Reading, even at adapted speeds, was still enjoyable. I’d be distracted for a few hours, lost in a world of someone else’s creation, and thankfully Fred had enough storage that I wasn’t in any danger of running out of reading materials.
        “Are you sure you wouldn’t enjoy a simulation of a white sand beach?” Fred asked at one point.
        “Can I read while I’m on the beach? You know, a simulated book in the simulation of the beach?”
        “I have sufficient processing power for this, but most of the rest of the crew had requested time playing in the ocean.”
        “Well, they probably all grew up planet-side. Water behaves differently in the orbitals, but I at least like the sound of the waves.”
        On the sixth day after the accident, while puttering around the bridge, I broached a topic of concern. “The drive was supposed to shut down automatically, wasn’t it?”
        “According to the mission parameters,” Fred replied, “the ship was supposed to stay in FTL-space for two weeks from the start of the mission. As the accident occurred approximately one week into the mission, the shut down instructions are still due to be sent to the drive systems tomorrow.”
        “But the physical components of the drive can’t respond to that instruction, right?”
        “Theoretically, no. The designers did not plan for this possibility.”
        “So,” I said slowly, “we’re just going to keep flying until someone somehow manages to locate us, and somehow match our speed, and somehow connect with our ship.”
        “Are you only now realizing this, or simply verbalizing because we are near the intended time for re-entry to normal-space?”
        “Verbalizing to the only other sentient available. I’ve been trying to think of something, anything that might help, but it only occurred to me after you’d dropped the second beacon that we could have tried decelerating.”
        “I attempted deceleration after the lifepods were launched, but the damage locked me out of the controls for the drive, and even Engineer Song would have had difficulty fixing the system enough to allow a manual adjustment.”
        Frowning, I continued, “And my non-technical understanding of FTL-space is that there’s nothing really here to stop us, random dark matter particles aside.”
        “Correct,” Fred responded.
        I was about to respond when Fred announced, “My sensors have detected an object of significant size moving into proximity with us. There is a strong likelihood this is a ship, but due to the nature of FTL-space, I cannot determine more than that.”
        I had no idea where we were, how it corresponded with normal-space, nor whether there was anyone “out there.” Before I could respond, the hull of the ship reverberated with a series of clunks and thuds.
        “They have made contact. The likelihood this is a ship is now almost a certainty, but I cannot determine –”
        My gut clenched as the room spun, colors briefly flashing to their inverse. We’d dropped out of FTL-space. The faster-than-light engines powered down, the ship's systems switching back automatically for functioning in normal-space.
        It was obvious, but I couldn’t control myself. “We’re not alone anymore.”

=====

Prompt: Write a 600 to 700 word science fiction story about someone trapped in a spaceship that has crashed in the New Mexico desert. It should be told in third person, and the main character is an alien. The alien should be alone because his two shipmates died. He must escape from the ship and hide before oncoming cars arrive. The alien is scared, and the ending should be sad.

Story: A cow pressed its wet nose against the cracked window of the spacecraft and bellowed a loud, “MOOOOOOO!”
        A herd of witnesses gathered to inspect the wreckage that so dramatically interrupted their peaceful night of grazing in the New Mexico desert. 
        Inside the cockpit, Xanti winced in pain as he struggled to open his eyes. He touched his face with a bony gray finger and examined the iridescent green blood on his fingertip. Memories of the panicked cries of his crewmates as they plummeted to the earth flashed through his mind. 
        Xanti slid from what was left of his seat and crawled over the unrecognizable remains of the instrument panel to search for his friends, Valtrox and Hydron. A foot peeked out from the debris, and Xanti crawled faster, towards it. He burrowed through destroyed equipment and hurled metal with reckless abandon. 
        Valtrox and Hydron lay still at their stations, mouths agape and terror frozen in their eyes. Xanti cried out and shook their lifeless bodies but to no avail. Forty-nine missions together, but there would not be a fiftieth. 
        The orange lights of the spacecraft flickered and sparked, illuminating the interior of the ship. Xanti slumped back against the wall and covered his face with his hands. A curious bull approached the window to investigate the loud commotion. His horn tapped the glass, snapping Xanti out of his moment of self pity.
        He placed his long fingers on the windowsill and pulled himself up to peer out the window. A brown eye against the glass greeted him. Xanti jumped back, startled. Fifty cows had gathered around the craft. Some grew bored and began to graze on the sparse patches of grass, but many continued to watch intensely, occasionally moaning out in their disapproval. 
        The bull backed up. Xanti approached the window once more and gently touched the crack in the glass. 
        Through the haze of smoke and dust, a cluster of lights appeared in the distance. As they drew closer, he could make out a cavalcade of trucks speeding through the pasture, kicking up dirt and taking out every cactus and mesquite bush in their path. 
        Xanti’s mouth fell open. His hand trembled against the broken window pane. He knew he had to flee the once safe confines of the ship. He would be too easy to catch if he remained where he was. 
        Unfortunately, the ship had crashed door-first into the earth, rendering it useless. Xanti’s only hope to break out was through the emergency escape pod. If only they had been able to reach it before the fateful crash. He scurried to the hatch, but it would not budge. A fallen beam rested atop a pile of twisted metal. Xanti lifted the heavy beam as though it weighed nothing and rammed it into the pod door. 
        In the distance, he could hear tires screech and engines roar. They were almost upon him. As the procession neared, the hatch finally flew open. 
        Xanti lowered himself from the ship and lay flat on the ground. He slid on his belly like a snake, blending in with the rocky terrain. Trucks closed in on the crash site, scattering the anxious cow onlookers.  A hoof came down full force on Xanti’s hand, and he held his breath to contain a scream. Away from the lights of the ship, he struggled to pull himself to his feet. He hobbled along in the cloak of the stampede and dove through the threshold of the weathered shack. 
        In a frantic search for cover, Xanti grabbed a tattered patchwork quilt and crawled under the rickety bed in the corner. He gasped to catch his breath, which was even more challenging in this heavy atmosphere. Through the gaps in the shacks' rotting walls, Xanti watched the humans gather in awe as his crewmates were wheeled from the craft by men in protective suits. 
        Anguish engulfed Xanti as he considered his new reality, abandoned, five-million lightyears from home. He curled up on his side and pulled the quilt tighter around him. Perhaps Valtrox and Hydron were the lucky ones.

=====

Prompt: Write a story that is around 1300 words about someone trapped in a spaceship. Write this story from the point of view of two kids breaking the rules. A boy convinces a girl to go onto her dad's new spaceship and then they accidentally set it in motion. Include that the girl's dad has taught her how to fly the spaceship. She can land it with some help from her dad on the radio/phone. Give it a happy ending where the parents aren't very upset with the kids. This should be written in a third person point-of-view.

Story: Jack nudged Krissy with his elbow, pointing out the window toward her dad’s newest purchase, the Warpstar 3001. 
        Krissy shook her head vigorously. “No way, Jack, don’t even think about it,” she said. 
        “Come on,” Jack whispered, nudging her again. “The hatch is still open! It’s practically begging to be explored.” 
        “My dad would kill us!” Krissy whispered back. 
        “He’ll never find out! Come on, I just want to look around! My parents still own an AstraVoyager. I’ve never even seen a Warpstar until today!” He pleaded with                 Krissy, giving her his best puppy-dog eyes. 
        Jack and Krissy’s parents were some of the only residents of the planet Keplar-168 who had spaceship permits, since their dads both ran transport for supplies to nearby planets. Jack’s parents refused to teach him anything about their ship, but Krissy’s dad encouraged her curiosity and had been giving her lessons on flying since she was old enough to toddle up the ramp on her own. 
        Krissy looked at the Warpstar 3001, then back at her parents. Her mom and dad were seated at a table on the other side of the cafeteria, engaged in conversation with Jack’s mom and grandpa. She knew she could get in big trouble for going on the spaceship without an adult, but she couldn’t get in trouble if she didn’t get caught, right? She looked back at Jack, who was still giving her his most convincing pleading eyes.         
        “Okay, okay,” she finally relented. 
        Jack threw his fist in the air and whooped loudly. 
        Krissy smacked his arm. “Do you want to get caught already!?” she hissed. Jack apologized, looking over his shoulder to make sure their parents hadn’t heard him. 
        When they were sure that no one was watching, the two of them snuck out of the cafeteria doors toward the ship landing field.
        Krissy looked over at Jack and laughed at his expression of pure awe. She and Jack had grown up together, here on Keplar-168. Their moms worked together as engineers on the space station, and Krissy couldn’t remember a time when she and Jack weren’t partners-in-crime. They had both been born here, the first babies to officially be residents of Keplar-168 and not Earth. The past eleven years had been difficult for their parents and the other adults who had to adjust to a new atmosphere and way of life. But, Keplar-168 was all that Krissy and Jack had ever known.
        They reached the landing field and looked around to make sure no one had noticed them sneaking off. When they were certain they were alone and unsupervised, they quietly stepped onto the boarding ramp and into the belly of the ship. 
        “Whoa,” Jack breathed, looking around him. He reached out and touched the blinking lights on the panel next to him.
        “Hey, cut it out!” Krissy yelped, smacking his hand away. “You said you wanted to look!” 
        “Why would your dad leave this thing on?” Jack asked. “Isn’t he worried someone is going to steal it?” 
        Krissy laughed. “And take it where? Keplar-147? Maybe Keplar-125? Oh scary, they might go stock up on supplies!” Jack rolled his eyes and continued walking around and admiring the gadgets. 
        “Hey, what does this do?” Jack asked, pressing a bright green button. 
        Before Krissy could react, the hatch slid closed and the engines clicked into gear. 
        “Oh my god, Jack, what have you done?!” Krissy shouted, running over and pressing the button repeatedly. Jack stared back at her, blank-faced. 
        “Uh-I- Um, I just pressed a button. It wasn’t labeled or anything! How was I supposed to know it was the button?” He stammered, holding his hands up and backing away from Krissy. The look in her eye meant business, and Jack knew how brutal Krissy could be when she was mad. 
        “Why,” she began through gritted teeth, “would you press any button? You don’t even know how to fly a ship!” The ship whirred up into the night sky and a robotic voice boomed from overhead. 
        “Default destination: Kepler-125. Please confirm,” the voice instructed. The ship oriented west and began to move forward. 
        “No!” Krissy yelled. She turned away from Jack and surveyed the panel in front of her. She searched each button and lever until she found the one she wanted. 
        Krissy pressed the satellite intercom button. “Radio home tower,” she instructed the ship. 
        “Radioing home tower,” the ship responded dutifully, as it continued toward Keplar-125. 
        “Hello?” Krissy heard her mom’s voice through the intercom.         
        “Mom!” Krissy shouted in distress. “Mom, you have to help! Jack and I are stuck on the spaceship, and it’s moving off-planet!”
        “Krissy, is that you? Where are you?” She heard her dad’s voice come through. Krissy gulped and gave Jack a withering glare. 
        “Dad, I’m so sorry. I let Jack talk me into coming onto the Warpstar, and he pressed the activate button. Now we’re on the ship, and it’s trying to fly somewhere!” 
        Krissy heard her dad sigh, and she shot Jack another look. She was going to be paying for this mistake until she died, she was certain of it. 
        “Krissy, you know how to do this. Just relax and remember what I’ve taught you,” her dad said encouragingly. 
        Krissy took a deep breath and nodded, though her dad couldn’t see her. She took a seat in the captain’s chair and scanned the panel in front of her for the control wheel that would change the ship’s direction. 
        “What can I do?” Jack asked timidly from behind her. 
        Krissy swatted him away. “Go sit on that bench and don’t touch anything,” she instructed. Jack gulped and nodded silently, taking a seat and clasping his hands in his lap. 
        Krissy took a hold of the control wheel and aimed it back toward their home planet. She pressed the accelerator lever forward, gently increasing their speed. Luckily, they weren't very far from home, so the trip didn’t take long. 
        As they approached Keplar-168, Krissy had a sudden thought. 
        “Dad!” she shouted, panicked. “You haven’t taught me how to land!” 
        “Take a deep breath, Kris,” he said. “It’s just like taking off, only in reverse. Follow my instructions and you’ll be okay.” 
        Krissy did as her dad instructed her. She took a deep breath and eased the accelerator lever down. They were now idling above the landing field on Keplar-168, outside of the cafeteria they had been eating in less than an hour before. Krissy could see all four of their parents, along with Jack’s grandparents, standing to the side of the lot. 
        “Okay, honey, now press the bright pink button to the left of the green one. Only press it once, and don’t hold it down,” her dad said. 
        Krissy pressed the pink button once and then pulled her hand back. The ship slowly descended, the noise of the engines lessening as the ship lowered itself. 
        Finally, after what felt like centuries, the engines turned off and the hatch slid open. Krissy and Jack bounded down the ramp and ran for their parents. 
        “I’m so sorry,” Jack wailed, pressing his face into his mom’s stomach. 
        His mom patted his head and looked at Krissy's parents. “Thomas, Gloria– I think it’s only fair that you determine what the consequences are for the kids’ actions. It is your ship, after all,” she said.
        “Well, the ship is really hard to clean,” Thomas said, a glimmer in his eye. “I think we’ll leave it to Jack and Krissy to clean. Inside and out. I’ll remember to take the keys out this time, though!”

=====

Prompt: Write a story about someone trapped in a spaceship. The story should be a science fiction thriller. The main character should be a male. The main character should be sneaking around the ship when they realize no one but robots are on the ship and the ship is in need of repair. The word count should be around 1100. The story should center around the main character who believes they are human only to find out they are a robot. After finding out they are a robot they should work with the other robots to fix the ship.

Story: Bobby Beavens tip-toed through the corridors of the ship. Approximately ten minutes ago, the door to his quarters swished opened. He peered around the corner, wondering if this was a test, malfunction, or miracle. He hoped for the latter. 
        Bobby had a knack for being in the worst possible place at the absolute worst possible time. He looked up at the cameras. They were active, but he didn’t hear any guards rushing towards him nor any alarms. Maybe the universe was cutting him a break. He decided hoofing it made more sense. The sooner he got to a control panel or pod, the better his chances of escape were.
        Bobby rounded a corner, jerking back at the sight of two mechanic bots. They were sharing data. If caught by them, they’d surely throw him back in his cage. 
        Bobby closed his eyes and listened hard. They seemed to be discussing some type of malfunction. 
        Bobby turned back. He needed to find another route. He closed his eyes, imagining the layout of the XT374. There were six corridors that had control panels and four that led to pods. He chose the least likely traveled. But now, all his options seemed bad. Getting to a control panel gave him more options, but many would be monitored due to the malfunction. Bobby’s best hope was a pod.
        Bobby’s feet thudded through the empty corridors. He could see the entrance to the pod chambers. He laid his palm upon the door. The door creaked as it opened several inches. 
        Bobby smushed his face against the door, peeking in. It was empty. Now, he just needed to get inside. He craned his neck looking up, down, everywhere. Nothing. There wasn’t anything he could pry the door with. The bots would have something. No, that was a silly idea. He couldn’t take them. No human stood a chance against any robot. Could he make it back to the quarters? Was there anything even there that he could use? He had to try.
        Bobby pumped his legs, thus far he’d only come across the two bots. Not another soul. An eerie feeling hung in the air. He couldn’t be the only human left. This sparked both fear and a sense of ease. His quarters were around the next corner, there had to be something there. He’d find something, use it to pry the doors open, and escape would be within reach. 
        The ship tilted as Bobby’s foot settled into his quarters. Bobby grabbed onto the door jam, but the tilt was too drastic. He couldn’t maintain his grip. Bobby hit the ground. He expected pain to surge throughout his body. Then, alarms sounded. 
        Were they finally coming for him? 
        Bobby scrambled to his feet. He had to find anything that could be of use. The ship was losing its orientation, and that meant things were really bad. He had ten, fifteen minutes max. 
        What was going on? 
        Even if the rest of the crew had evacuated, it was irresponsible to leave someone on board with the ship in this state. Bobby scanned the room. Everything was bolted down or a part of the ship. This was hopeless. Orientation, gravity, then air — the devil's trio of fatal mechanical issues. One soon led to the next, then ship and you were kaput. He wasn’t going to make it. He slammed his fist against the floor.
        “Error. Error. System error.” Where was that voice coming from? That wasn't a ship message. Could one of the bots be close by? Yes, the bots. He needed to reveal himself. It would relay a message to someone about his presence on the ship. Then he’d be rescued.
        Bobby bolted out the room. He scanned from right to left. Nothing. His body tensed. He was doomed. Bobby rambled around waiting for his end. Tools floated ahead of him. A gravity pocket. He opened his mouth to scream, yet static filled his being. It was too late. His feet lifted off the floor. 
        No, this wasn’t a pocket, it was a gravity well, which meant…
        A gust of wind slammed Bobby against the port view window, cracking the glass. Bobby felt like his body shattered. He stared out the cracking window, into the abyss. Stars would be his last sight, not this cold ship.  
        His vision shifted to his reflection in the glass, seeing battered and twisted metal. Forgetting his pain and hoping for some savior, Bobby swung his head to the side. His eyes scanned the area. There wasn’t anything there. How hard did he hit his head? Bobby turned back. There it was again, that twisted metal staring back at him. Unemotional, just cold steel. 
        A spark of recognition ran through Bobby. No ship could function without crew, and there was no indication that anyone had even been there. The two bots were the only sign of life. Error messages, static, twisted metal. 
        He realized he was a bot, even though he felt human. His life, his memories were real. Weren’t they? He awoke in quarters? No, it was a recharging station. But he felt his legs as he ran? No, he rolled along the corridors. What was going on? What was happening, was it all fake? At this point did it matter? He was a bot. Which meant death wasn’t assured. Oxygen had no bearing on his existence. Gravity was the current threat. 
        Bobby analyzed the disruptions on the ship, their time, and potential causes. The two mechanic bots he’d seen were outside the main bridge. Why hadn't they entered? The problem and solution was there. It had to be a sopacitor issue. Every major system went through the sopacitor. That’s what they were discussing. They were waiting on him to complete repairs. Bobby had to get to the other side of the ship — Now! 
        His thrusters had enough fuel. But breaking through this gravity well was likely to burn his reserves. Bobby breathed deeply and engaged. His loose metal clanked as he pushed through the well, popping it like a bubble. He flew through the air with such precision and speed that he was filled with elation. 
        Bobby’s power faded as he came to the bridge doors. The mechanic bots rushed to his aid, sharing enough fuel to get Bobby up. Together they entered the bridge, communicating in tones. They made quick work of their task. The ship stabilized. They were saved! 
        After the sense of relief faded, Bobby felt terror rise up in him as he remembered the questions of his existence. Would he ever discover what he was or what happened to him?

=====

Prompt: Write a story about someone trapped in a spaceship on a special mission in a post-apocalyptic universe. The story should be written in the science fiction genre. This story should be between 1200 and 1300 words. It should be written from a first person perspective. The reader should not quite understand who the characters are at first, but should be surprised by their identities by the end of the story. The ship should be abandoned or completely destroyed in this narrative. The story should end with some of the crew escaping to create a new world somewhere else in the universe.

Story: The Starship Chinnamasta rumbled and popped in response to the strike against her hull, her divots hissing as she bent to absorb the new dings that marred her exterior.  My colleagues and I rushed to make the repairs as our Captain held fast at the helm, eyeing up the asteroid field like a wave in a tempestuous midnight sea. Officer 737 did his best to repair the damages in the central body of the ship as I aided Officer 459 in securing the fuel lines in the lower decks. 
        Officer 459 knelt down in a pool of red, viscous fluid, muttering softly, “This will absolutely impact our reserves, if we can even repair the breaches to her left flank.”
        I whispered back in agreement but with an air of hope, nervous about our team’s ability to make it to our final rendezvous point at Station 10 on Kepler-452b, “We will do the best we can and that must be good enough.” 
        At that moment, the alarm bells sounded a high-pitched and irregularly tempoed screech, as the ship lurched, knocking us from our knees to the floor. I felt deep in my gut that this time the iron storm must have taken some of our own. I told Officer 459 to follow me to the medical wing to help where we could.
        My fears were realized as we stumbled down the hallway to the medical wing, located just north of the left shoulder of the ship. We stepped delicately over gelatinous bits of wall mingled with torn wires. The scent of burning flesh permeated the air. We passed by Engineer 73 as he sprayed down a small fire near the stairwell with a soot-smudged extinguisher. We reached the room marked with a blue cross and a snake wrapped around a staff. I knew it instantly to be the symbol for the ship hospital, though I never had agreed with its use in such a way, as the snake seemed to carry such dangerous connotations for humankind on Earth. What we saw in that room told us all we needed to know about the health of the ship.
        The medical droid moved quickly across the room, aided by Officer 12, the oldest officer on the ship and the only remaining member from planet Earth. On the right of us, neatly stacked in pairs on top of each other, 6 officers and 4 engineers in various positions of death and dismemberment lay still, their fluids slowly pooling around their bodies. Wires hung from their broken appendages and one officer’s eye dangled loosely from its connecting fuses. Officer 12 handed me a bag of repair tools and handed my colleague Officer 459 two clear canisters filled with artificial blue blood. He did not have to speak to me. I knew from the sorrowful look in his eye that the ship was lost.
        The Captain entered the medical bay. His arm was badly burned and his neck leaked in cobalt spurts.  As the medical droid cauterized the wound in mechanical motions, the Captain spoke clearly: “I have just met with my second in command, Officer 27. He informed me that the asteroid field damaged the ship far more than anticipated. In addition to losing over half of our crew in the initial hit to the center core, we also lost the lower right wing in the latest hit. The Starship Chinnamasta is dying. Her wounds are too far gone to repair. She will not reach Kepler-452b and though our orders are to bring her to this final destination, our ultimate mission is the preservation of the records we were ordered to carry to Station 10. I am ordering each of the remaining officers and engineers, along with the medical droid, to board the escape pod. The majority of us will go into sleep mode to preserve fuel, and though quarters will be tight in the pod, I will be able to divert us out of the asteroid field before making the final adjustment in our course towards Kepler-452b.”
        There was no need for discussion or debate. I, along with the other officers and engineers, followed the Captain down into the tangled, leathery bowels of the ship, wet and slippery with leaking fuel but still holding together somehow. We stood silently in a line, boarding the escape pod one by one. Some of us carried our comrades in our arms as many were now missing limbs or had simply shut down.. Others carried the repair tools and fluids needed to maintain our bodies for the remainder of the trip. The Captain clutched a burlap bag with papers and leather-bound books tightly to his chest, protecting the heart and soul of our journey to Kepler-452b and the reason for our very existence. We buckled ourselves into our glass encasements and I stared somberly out of a nearby porthole as we launched from the top of the ship and into the black void. 
        Starship Chinnamasta, named after an ancient Hindu deity, had given both the android race that had built her and the human race whose form she honored a new chance at life. She had sacrificed her body, much like the maternal Goddess whose stories still lurked in the pages of one of the Captain’s primordial books, for the sake of her children. As our pod burst forth from the mouth of the ship’s head, we could see just how extensive the damage truly was; Chinnamasta’s left leg that once contained the living quarters of all of the AI officers was pockmarked, as if struck in a burst of machine-gun fire, only in this case the bullets had been metal rocks broken apart when the main asteroid chunk hit her left flank.
        Her fingers still twitched as her blood floated in solid bubbles in the vacuum of space. She moaned, deep and guttural, as we gained speed. Her writhing figure became a distant and lonely point of fleshy light behind us.  
        As my main functions shut down one by one and I was submerged into the death-like darkness of hypersleep, I wondered if the books and papers so lovingly kept by the Captain’s side would be enough to meet the needs of our fellow androids awaiting us anxiously at Station 10. And were we wrong to abandon the ship that had lovingly carried us so far on this journey? 
        In building the Starship Chinnamasta, we had honored the extinct human race that had created us so long ago. We drew inspiration from the sacred machine of the human form, recreating a perfect powerhouse of technology. Her bodily systems and ventricular networks had pulsated with life-giving electricity and brute force as she protected us in our journey across multiple galaxies. How could those books ever accurately convey the feeling that warm aheartbeat gave to the crew as it kept the fuel flowing in rhythmic rush to each finger and each toe of the Chinnamasta? How could those papers ever capture the humming reverberations of her mind when seated at the helm of the head?
        Could we androids ever hope to recreate the wonders of such a flawed and fantastic corporeal machine in our new and burgeoning world just on the horizon?

=====

Prompt: Write a short story about a myth or legend being fulfilled in an unusual or unexpected way, or even cleverly bypassed. The story should be between 1200 and 1300 words. It should take place during the Covid-19 pandemic in Europe. The narrative should involve vampires. The The genre should be comedic horror. The story should contain visuals of a medieval castle and of a modern European town. It should occur at night. The narrative should also contain situations where one character does not understand the other character's perspective.The story should end with the vampires surviving to prey on human victims in the near future.

Story: On April 19, 2020, Dracula awoke from his centuries-long slumber. In a rural corner of Transylvania, he rose from a sleek, albeit dusty coffin in the recesses of a cobwebbed wine cellar. It had been ages since he laid eyes on his castle keep. When he last drifted off to sleep, at the turn of the nineteenth century, he had been sated on the blood of Turks from a long ten-year adventure through the mountains of the Ottoman Empire. 
        He slept like the dead, not because he was, but because he was a god of his own religion. His eternal life’s work, as it had always been, was to simply live forever. But each time he reached a point where he was beginning to enjoy his life of bloody rampaging and serial murdering, his presence became too noticeable to people of power, from regional dukes to church officials. At that time, he was always forced back into the vampire closet, so to speak, hiding himself and his coffin away to play another day in the distant future. 
         But this day was another opportunity for Dracula to continue his eternal journey in the twenty-first century. Dracula dressed in his traditional cape and walked out of his castle doors just as the sun was setting. He turned around and was shocked to see that his once foreboding castle appeared to have been co-opted by some powerful warlord in the region. 
        As he glanced around, he noticed a small sign posted at the entry to the castle, “Voted best Airbnb three years running!” While he did not quite comprehend the Airbnb aspect of this phrase, he feared that silly notions of enfranchisement had perhaps finally made their way into the local merchant class.
        “Voting?” he thought to himself as he transformed into a bat and darted into the crisp night air, “What is next? The abolishment of the Sultanate?”
        Dracula arrived in the capital city of Cluj-Napoca around midnight to see that there had been many changes to the territory since he last visited. He had become accustomed to awakening to massive technological and societal changes, but he was more than a little shocked to find that there was not a soul on the streets of the city. Every business, tavern, and home was closed up with the curtains drawn. 
        Had some suspicious village priest found out he was on his way? Or was this another year of invasion by the Turks? Perhaps the Cossacks had finally found their footing and made a move for power?
        Dracula came upon a lovely and quaint bungalow on a side street, not far from the Piata Unirii. He peered into a window and saw two young men seated on a long sofa, watching a flat, glowing box filled with moving pictures in the corner. He gave a brisk knock on the window. One of the men approached with a curious but cross expression. Dracula then, in his most alluring voice, asked his classic question:
        “Will you invite me in?” 
        The man looked him dead in the eye, and said with an air of minor annoyance, “Food deliveries can be left at the door. We are in lockdown, man! You know the drill. Thanks.” With that, the man closed the curtain and went back to his friend and his strange box.
        Over the next three hours, Dracula moved from one house to the other asking the same question. The answers varied wildly, from threats about calling for a man named “the police” to suggestions that he shove something or another in a most personal bodily space. 
        In response, Dracula upped his own strategies. He made grand offers of riches, women, and whatever trinkets he thought might convince the person to invite him inside, but no one agreed. He even captured a lone black cat outside a home. Then, he held the fluffy terror up to the window and gestured a threat of violence against it as he demanded for an elderly woman to invite him in. 
        The mustachioed old woman replied, “That isn’t my cat. Bugger off.” Then, she promptly returned her attention to a small square, light filled device in her hand. It appeared these glowing boxes were somehow a part of the problem.
        Dracula walked the streets of the ancient city, surveying its electrified lights and frozen, horseless carriages. He quickly realized that the printing press had continued its spread across Europe, and he carefully read each and every paper he came across, trying to find some explanation for this decrease in his food supply. He sat down on an iron bench at the center of the deserted city center plaza and picked up a folded newspaper that had been shoved below the worn bars of the seat. 
        In bold letters, it read,  “COVID-19 brings the world to a standstill. Citywide lockdowns imposed in Cluj-Napoca until further notice.”
        For the first time in centuries, Dracula felt the gnawing hunger of a body needing blood. Normally, by now he was taking his first nap after an alcohol-tinged midnight snack after the local tavern finally kicked out its patrons for the evening. Even in past years, when wars took many of the local men out of the city, he could at least expect to feed on some poor elderly man asleep in the streets. 
        Then, as if he could not feel low enough, he saw a mocking sign on the lamppost next to him. It was a caricatured image of himself, Dracula, with his cape covering his mouth, and the words, “Use your sleeve and do the vampire sneeze!” 
        Yes, he was sure of it now. This virus was mocking him. 
        Dracula knew he had to come up with a plan. He could go back to his castle on an empty stomach, and perhaps catch a few stray dogs along the way to tide him over for a short decade’s sleep. But then he would need to awaken again in ten years time and would be back to square one. Dracula tired of this haphazard existence, and longed for a purpose to continue his eternal life. If only he could find a place where he could be himself and be allowed to live in bloody, greedy, sanguine-soaked glory in peace.
        Suddenly, in the distance, he saw a man walking down the street in a hurry. He rose up and draped his cape around himself, preparing to attack, only to realize he could not detect the scent of flowing blood from this man. As the man drew closer, Dracula dropped his cape and yet the man continued walking towards him. Dracula knew then that the man must be a fellow vampire.
        Dracula had been correct. The vampire, dressed in a light blue uniform, said he had seen him knocking on windows. With an air of sympathy in his voice, the vampire asked Dracula if he was hungry. 
        Dracula nodded and followed his newfound friend down the darkened street.
        The vampire introduced himself as Demeter. He told Dracula that he had, years ago, found an occupation that could provide him with ample blood day and night. Soon the pair stopped in front of a vast, white building with multiple stories. People moved busily in and out of the structure and many individuals, dressed in a uniform similar to Demeter, shuffled in and out of various doors. 
        Dracula stopped Demeter and asked, “What sort of professional are you?”
        Demeter replied, “A phlebotomist. I draw blood for hospital patients. And I am always looking for an assistant who has a gift for finding a good vein.”

=====

Prompt: Write a short story about a myth or legend being fulfilled in an unusual or unexpected way, or even cleverly bypassed. In this story, the main character needs to be based on Medusa. The king of a nearby land doesn't like her, since she turns men to stone, so he keeps sending troops to her island to kill her, but they fail. In the story, have him send his three sons, one by one, to try and kill her. Have her defeat the first two sons and then finally bargain with the third. She tells him to tell his dad to leave her alone and she will leave them alone. The son should agree to this deal. Include two sisters that live on the island with the main character. Make it between 1800 and 1900 words long.

Story: “Maggie!” She heard her sister, Sophia, call. 
        “Maggie, wake up!” This voice was closer. Maggie rubbed her eyes and opened them. Her other sister, Elena, stood at her bedside. 
        “We have visitors on the horizon,” Elena said ominously. 
        Maggie was out of bed and rushing for her tunic in seconds.         
        “Who is it? How many are there?” she asked, dressing hurriedly. 
        “Just one boat, as far as we can tell. Only one man aboard.” Elena handed her a strip of cloth. Maggie grabbed it and tied it hastily around her head, securing her long braids. She followed Elena to the kitchen, where Sophia was waiting.
        “He’s getting closer. The crest on the side of the boat identifies it as one owned by King Tobias of Zembla. If I had to take a guess, I would say it’s his oldest son, Lucas.” 
        Maggie shook her head in disgust. For the past two decades, King Tobias had been sending troops to their island of Serendipity to try and kill her. He couldn’t stand the idea of women living outside of the kingdom, women who didn’t need men to survive, and especially those with magic abilities.  
        He hid behind the excuse that Maggie was dangerous– and granted, he wasn’t wrong–but that was a weak excuse and Maggie and her sisters knew it. King Tobias was a control freak and he wanted everyone under his thumb. She would never use her ability to hurt anyone who didn’t deserve it. She had told King Tobias and his minions that repeatedly since she had originally retreated to this island twenty years ago. 
        “I guess the boys are finally old enough to fight Daddy’s battles, huh?” Sophia quipped, strapping armor across her chest. 
        Maggie nodded grimly. “Well, let’s go show him what he signed up for.”
        The women, clad in armor, took their weapons in hand and headed out the door to face their visitor.
        Their home, set atop a cliff, looked down upon the only beach entrance to Serendipity. From their vantage point, they watched as Lucas disembarked and tied his boat up to a boulder at the edge of the water. Tall with sandy blonde hair, he wasn’t such a bad looking fellow, Maggie thought. Too bad she’d still have to turn him to stone. 
        Maggie put her finger to her lips and beckoned for her sisters to follow. They crept silently down the side of the cliff, keeping their sights on Lucas as they descended. As they got closer, they split up, creeping along the tree line until they were surrounding Lucas and his boat. 
        “Maggie!” Lucas shouted upward, in the direction of their house. “I know you’re here! Come out and face me!” He reached into his knapsack and pulled out a blindfold, securing it around his eyes. 
        “You can’t hurt me!” he yelled. 
        Maggie and her sisters slowly entered the beachfront clearing, and approached Lucas. 
        “We’re right here,” Maggie said calmly. Lucas spun around at the sound of her voice. He thrust his sword out in front of him. Blindfolded, he could not be precise in his efforts. 
        Elena laughed. “Really? A blindfold? That’s the best you could do?” Lucas spun around again, searching for the location of the second voice. 
        “Fight me one-on-one, Maggie! I’m blindfolded. Can’t you defeat a man without help from your sisters!?” he taunted. 
        Maggie stepped forward and in one smooth motion she ripped the blindfold from his eyes, grabbed his face, and stared directly into his eyes. Within seconds, his entire body was stiff, his arms still poised in attack, the sword thrust forward. Maggie scoffed, pushing over the stone statue that was once Lucas. 
        “Is that really all you’ve got!?” she hollered. Her strong voice carried the short distance across the sea, to the city of Zembla, where King Tobias was watching through binoculars. 
        Maggie, Elena, and Sophia returned to their home and continued on with their lives on the island of Serendipity, unbothered by King Tobias and his unrelenting control issues. As the weeks went on, they forgot about the encounter with Lucas and got back into their routine. 
        One morning, several weeks later, Elena came rushing into the house. She doubled over, panting. “Another… boat… King Tobias,” she said, trying to catch her breath. 
        “Another one?! Wasn’t losing one son enough? Why won’t this man just leave us alone!” Maggie shoved herself out of the chair, knocking it over. She hurried to the closet where they kept their armor and weapons. Elena went to the hall and called for Sophia. 
        Once prepared, the three crept out of the house and down the cliff to where King Tobias’ middle son, Elias, was docking his boat. As he disembarked, Elias pulled a large hand mirror from his satchel and turned to face the water. Walking backward from his boat, he peered into the mirror to find his path.
        “Maggie! Come and face me!” he yelled. Maggie and her sisters shared a look. A mirror? This should be easy. They all stepped forward onto the beach and stared at Elias through the mirror. 
        “You think that is enough to subvert me? I am all-powerful, able to turn a man to stone with a single glance, Elias. You and your mirror are no match for me,” Maggie said, as she continued to stare defiantly at Elias through his mirror. 
        Elias scoffed, unsheathing his sword with his free hand. “I will not be bested by a mere woman,” he replied. Yelling loudly, he set his sights on Maggie in the mirror and prepared his sword. As he stepped backward in her direction, he stumbled over a small boulder that was behind him. The mirror clattered from his hands, falling and shattering against the rock. 
        Maggie approached him. He was lying helpless on the sand, with his eyes pressed tightly closed, and his sword held defensively in front of him. She stepped on his arm, forcing him to drop the sword beside him, and knelt down. Prying his eyes open, she stared into them. Once he was fully petrified, Maggie grabbed the sword from the ground and used it to break apart the figure, scattering his rocky remains across the beach. 
        “Stop while you’re ahead, Tobias!” Maggie shouted, turning away from the beach and climbing back up the cliff to her home, Elena and Sophia close behind. 
        That night, King Tobias called his third and youngest son to his chambers. 
        “Percy,” he said, “you need to visit the goddess, Alexandra. She will help you to defeat this monster once and for all.” 
        The next night, equipped with the special sunglasses that Alexandra had fashioned for him, Percy approached the island of Serendipity.                 Unaware, Maggie and her sisters lay sleeping peacefully in their home atop the cliff. While they slept, Percy docked his boat stealthily and crept toward the cliff. 
        As Percy ascended the cliff, his eyesight was limited by the tinted lenses of his sunglasses. He considered taking them off, but was fearful of being caught by surprise. So, he slowly made his way, carefully using his hands to guide him up the cliff. 
        In the house, Elena bolted up in her bed. “Something isn’t right,” she whispered to herself. She peeked out of the window next to her bed and spotted Percy’s boat tied up on the beach. 
        She inched her way out of her bed, avoiding the window, and crawled across the hall to Sophia’s room. She pushed the door open and entered, nudging her sister awake. 
        “We have to prepare!” she hissed. “The king’s youngest son is headed our way!” Sophia reached for her tunic, crumpled on the bedroom floor, and tossed it over her head. 
        “Go wake Maggie,” she ordered, as she made her way to the closet for her armor. Elena quickly roused Maggie and the three prepared for battle. Once equipped, they stood shoulder-to-shoulder in their living area, ready for Percy. 
        As Percy approached the house, he crouched and slid under the windowsill. When he got to the front door, he gently tested the handle. To his delight, it wasn’t locked. He quietly twisted the knob, pushing it inward, and stepped into the house. Still bathed in inky blackness, he raised his sword above his head. As he stepped further into the house, the three women, standing united, cried out ferociously and rushed toward him. Caught off guard, Percy yelled, tripping over his own feet and falling to the ground. He gripped his sword in one hand and used the other to secure the glasses to his face. 
        “I will not give up so easily!” he shouted, trying to make out the faces of the shadows above him. 
        “Percy, I have a deal to make with you,” Maggie began, solemnly. 
        Percy scooted further away from the women, still holding his sword out defensively. 
        “What deal do you think I would make with a monster like you?” he sneered. 
        Elena lunged for him, but Maggie held her back. 
        “I am tired of fighting with your troops, with your brothers, and now, with you. We want to be left in peace. I have done you no harm that you did not deserve. I have not sought out your kingdom or your family. It is all of you who have continued to seek me out,” Maggie said. She reached down and pulled Percy to his feet. 
        Percy backed away, holding tightly to his glasses. “I will make no deals with you,” he said, his voice faltering. “I was sent here by my father to destroy you, and that is what I will do.” 
        Maggie walked to the chest in the corner of the room and from it, removed the stone heads of Lucas and Elias. She returned to Percy, holding the heads in each of her hands. 
        “You will make this deal with me or you will suffer the same fate as your brothers,” she threatened. 
        Percy stared into the cold, stony eyes of his brothers and realized just how powerful Maggie truly was. He lowered his head to his chest and took a deep breath, thrusting his sword back into its sheath.
        “Okay,” he relented. “I will return to Zembla and tell my father that we are at peace with you and your sisters.” 
        “And you will tell him that the island of Serendipity is off-limits. He and his kingdom have no control here. We will live in peace on our island. You will not disturb us, and we will not disturb you.” Maggie thrust the heads into Percy’s arms. “Take these with you. Make sure your father knows that you will meet the same end if he breaches this deal.” 
        Percy nodded. 
        Maggie, Elena, and Sophia stood at the doorway of their home, watching Percy make his way down the cliff, the stone heads of his brothers tucked under his arms. They were finally free of the torment of King Tobias, finally free to live in peace, without the constant threat of man.

=====

Prompt: Write a 1000 to 1100 word short story about a European myth or legend being fulfilled in an unusual or unexpected way, or even cleverly bypassed. The story should be told in third person. The story should be based on the legend of Krampus and set at Christmas time. Krampus visits the main character. Krampus lists all of the main character's wrongdoings. Krampus befriends the main character's dog and carries off the main character in his basket.

Story: Bryan blew into his cupped hands. The warm air hit the winter chill and rose like steam between his fingers. The faint melody of Mariah Carey’s “All I Want for Christmas is You” drifted from a passing car. Bryan sighed and kicked over the plastic donkey in his neighbor’s nativity scene. It shouldn’t have been so close to the sidewalk in the first place. 
        What started as a few light flurries was coming down harder now. Lenny, Bryan’s black pug, stopped to examine a pile of newly accumulated snow. He planted his nose to the ground and snorted loudly. 
        “C’mon Lenny! Hurry up and take care of business!” Bryan griped.
        Lenny looked at him blankly and kept sniffing. After rejecting four patches, the unbothered pug found the perfect spot on Mrs. Jenkins' front lawn. Bryan reached in his coat pocket pretending to look for a plastic bag. He shrugged, and he and Lenny started back home. 
        Just as they passed Mrs. Jenkins’ driveway Bryan heard a peculiar beat of footsteps behind him. 
        Click. Clomp. Click. Clomp. Click. Clomp. 
        Lenny whined. 
        “The old battle ax caught me,” Bryan grumbled. He tugged Lenny’s leash and began to walk faster.
        Click. Clomp. Click. Clomp. 
        The footsteps matched his pace. Bryan raced up his walkway, up the porch steps, and into the house. He slammed the door, and before he could remove his coat there was a forceful, tap, tap, tap on the door. 
        Bryan was in no mood to be neighborly, but when was he ever, really? He opened the door, ready to bow up to his visitor. “Look Mrs. Jenkins,” he shouted, “I know I forgot my ba-”
        A behemothic creature with black matted fur and long, curled horns towered over Bryan. He had one foot that was mangled and clawed and the other was a hoof. After he dropped in a bundle of birch branches, he adjusted a large woven basket on his back. He must have used the branches to tap on the door. Saliva dripped from his massive fangs and he let out a hearty laugh. He reached out his clawed hand to Bryan. Bryan stared at the sharp, yellow-stained points, looked up at the monster, and shook his head in disbelief.
        “Hi Bryan! The name’s Krampus,” the beast announced in a booming voice.
        Lenny peeked out from behind the couch. His hackles raised, and he let out a low growl. 
        Krampus laughed and pushed past Bryan, who was still paralyzed in fear. 
        “Wow, Bry,” he said, “you talk a big game, but when faced with real danger, this little mutt is tougher than you!”
        Krampus knelt down and held his hand out to the defensive dog. “Who’s a good boy? You’re a good boy! You’re the very goodest boy in the whole wide world!”
        Lenny slowly approached and sniffed the outreached hand. Once satisfied with the inspection, he rolled over on his back, giving Krampus the go-ahead to scratch his belly. 
        “Wh-wh-who are you?” Bryan asked.
        Krampus plopped down on the couch. “Well Bry, I’m like Santa, but instead of bringing presents to all of the good boys and girls, I dish out punishments to the bad kids.”
        “Look, you must have the wrong house,” Bryan said. “I don’t have kids.”
        Krampus sighed. “Yeah, freakin’ cancel culture has given me bad PR. Turns out it’s not politically correct to drag kids off to the Underworld. Whatever. I have to pay the rent, so I’ve shifted my focus to insufferable adults. Ya know, Karens, cult leaders, billionaires playing astronaut.”
        Bryan interrupted, “But I’m not any of these things. Look, you’ve gotta go. Survivor’s about to start.”
        “Let’s look at some of your infractions, Bry.” 
        “Don’t call me Bry. My friends call me Bry. You’re not my friend.”
        “Anyway, Bry,” Krampus continued. He pulled out a notebook and put on a pair of horn-rimmed reading glasses. 
        “Funny that you mention Survivor. You left twenty bad online reviews for a contestant’s restaurant, and she was forced to close her doors. You said you found a cockroach in your soup. You never even ate there.”
        “Yeah, well, I couldn’t stand the witch.”
        Krampus glared at him, shook his head, and continued down the list. “You used ‘well actually’ thirty-two times last week when talking to coworkers. You parked in the handicap spot three times last week. You took a quarter from the sick kids’ jar to pay for your cigarettes. Really?”
        “Give a penny, take a penny,” Bryan said.
        “You’re a monster,” Krampus replied. “You tweeted that you don’t like Dolly Parton! Seriously man. What’s wrong with you?”
        “What? She’s overrated.”
        “She’s a national treasure!” 
        Lenny pawed at Krampus requesting more pets. Krampus patted the couch cushion, inviting him up. 
        “Whoa, whoa, whoa! He is not allowed on the couch,” Bryan cried out. “It’s Italian leather.
        Krampus stared blankly at him. 
        “I think I’ve heard enough,” Krampus said. He stood up and pointed to his basket. “Get in!” 
        “Look, Krampy. What are we doing here? Are some ghosts going to visit me? Make me see the error of my ways?”
        “I’m not Charles Dickens. I don’t give a flying flip if you change your ways. Get in!”
        As Bryan continued to protest, Krampus let out an exasperated sigh and grabbed his birch bundle. He swatted at Bryan. 
        “We can do this the easy way, or we can do this the hard way. Either way, I’m dragging your sorry self off to Hell.”
        Bryan resisted. Krampus continued to swat at him. Bryan covered his face as he backed away from Krampus’ advances. He tripped on one of Lenny’s bones and tumbled backwards into the basket. 
        Krampus secured the top and heaved the basket on his back. Bryan kicked and cried, “I’m so sorry! I’ll do better! Come to think of it, Dolly Parton is a genius!”
        Krampus motioned to Lenny, “Come on Bud. Let’s get to the Underworld. We’ve got unlimited treats and scratches there.”
        Krampus and Lenny began their trek in the falling snow. Bryan struggled in the basket, desperately wailing, “Jolene, Jolene, Jolene, Joleeeeennnneee. I’m begging you, please don’t take my mannnnnnnn.”

=====

Prompt: Write a short story about a myth or legend being fulfilled in an unusual or unexpected way, or even cleverly bypassed. This should be a fantasy story. The story should be about twin sisters who have magical powers. The twins should leave to embark on a mission to fulfill a prophecy to retrieve a fairytale creature from a neighboring kingdom. There should be a plot twist that reveals that the twins fulfilling the prophecy is actually not the good thing they thought it was. The word count should be about 1000 words.

Story: Amea and Taleia ran through the woods hand in hand. They were close, but they had to be quick. Their absence would be noticed as those in the house woke and began their day. Identical twins, Amea and Taleia, knew they and their family only had one chance.
	It was written that “twin flames” would fulfill the nation's destiny and return the golden goose. Twins born within the nation were submitted for testing at age twelve for magical ability. This edict was strictly enforced. Any family who opposed would have their property taken away, be flogged, and sent to the mines. 
        Most families obliged, but there were some, like Amea and Taleia’s family, who refused to bow. They would risk it all to protect their girls. Everyone knew the stories. Those who failed the test were taken and returned as empty shells. Those that passed, suffered unspeakable acts to hone their abilities in preparation.
        Amea and Taleia had decided they’d steal away before they turned twelve. They had grander plans. Today, as the sun began its descent, they’d put all their months of preparation into action. They would return the golden goose to its ancestral home. 
        Amea and Taleia ran, reciting the plan in each other's minds. They could hear each other's thoughts, even in the womb. And shortly after birth, they discovered their magic. They knew not to reveal this, not to anyone, even their family.
        Amea released the hold of her twin's hand. She stopped while Teleia continued on for several more meters. Taleia dropped to the ground and interlaced her fingers. Amea planted her foot and sped off in the direction of her twin. She stepped in her sister's hand and was propelled through the air. Amea looked down at Teleia and constructed a rope that tether the two. Teleia was tugged into the air. She felt like a bird.                         Amea smiled, this was her favorite part, flying.
        Their expressions quickly changed to stern as they approached the walls of the castle. As their tether evaporated, Telia casted a cloud-like surface for them to land on. 
        There were no guards. The neighboring kingdom didn’t think much of the twins’ people. But tonight, Amea and Taleia planned to show them their power.  Amea recast her rope and used it to scale the tower. Teleia waited, keeping a keen eye on the surroundings. Just because there were no guards now didn’t mean there would not be any.
        Amea squeezed into the window. Her feet hit the floor, but made no sound. The floor was padded. She recast her rope into a ball of light, holding it high. The light revealed golden eggs neatly stacked on shelving. A bucket with golden flakes, a brush, and a rag lay underneath the shelves.
         Amea moved the light around and found a sleeping goose sitting atop a green egg in the center of the room. Amea tilted her head in confusion. Why was it green? 
        Teleia pushed Amea’s thoughts aside and encouraged her to hurry. Refocused, Ameia reshaped the light into a cage. She lowered it over the animal, who slept through its imprisonment. Amea held the cage tight to her chest and jumped out the window. Teleia caught her sister with a spell-made cloud.
        The girls gleefully walked back to their home, their prize in hand. They had accomplished the impossible. They had proven that they were the twin flames. They could see their family home up ahead. Amea and Taleia recounted their adventure, deciding how they were going to share this with the family. Their laughter escaped their minds into the world. 
        “Amea, Taleia you’re okay, where have you been? Your sisters and father have been searching for you all day,” Mother ran up to the girls and embraced them.
        “We did it, Mother,” the Girls replied in unison as they did.
        Mother glimpsed the cage hovering behind them. “Do you two have the magic?" Mother’s face contorted as she backed away.
        “Of course, we are the twin flames, and we have returned the goose,” the girls said matter-of-factly.
        “No, no, no. It is a lie. You must return it now. You cannot use your magic. It’s why we hid you. ”
        Amea and Taleia’s thoughts, fears, and questions jumbled in each other's minds. With cluttered thoughts, they blurted out. “What, why not?”
        Mother looked around in panic. She ushered the girls into their home and sat them down. She eyed the goose and sat. Mother moved to the window, hoping to be relieved with the sight of her husband and daughters. Again, Mother took her seat, unsure of what to say to the two split souls before her.
        Amea and Taleia could no longer take the silence. The panic caused even their thoughts to fall silent. 
        “Just tell us, please,” they pleaded.
        Mother closed her eyes. “I had hoped this day would never come. The fairytale of the twin flames is a lie. It is used to track and trap girls like yourself. There was never a golden goose. There is no other kingdom.”
        Ameia thought back to the tower room. The goose nursed a green egg. The bucket had remnants of gold paint. She looked to Teleia filled with sorrow. 
        “So, why tell this lie,”  Taleia shouted.
        “Our family, as all the others in the kingdom, are cursed with spreading this and other lies. We can feel the deception of our words, but to not pass them on is a death sentence. I can only tell you this now because you fulfilled the prophecy.” Tears spilled from Mother's eyes.
        Amea and Taleia never thought feeling the other's sister's emotions was a detriment till now. Their panic, pain, and pervasive thoughts built from each other.  It was a never ending tower of despair.  
        Father and their sisters entered with their bodies sunken in fear. Hope and joy rose up in them as they laid eyes on the twins. But it just as quickly vanished, seeing the terror on Mother’s face.
        “I’m so sorry.” Father said as he wrapped his arms around the twins. Mother and their sisters joined the familial embrace. 
        Amea and Taleia sat overwhelmed with emotion, knowing they only had themselves to blame. Admittedly they looked down on others knowing they were chosen. And now, the cost of their reckless action was the pain their family would endure and their imprisonment.

=====

Prompt: Write a short story about a myth or legend or prophecy in a cursed kingdom being fulfilled in an unusual or unexpected way, or even cleverly bypassed. Set the story in a fantasy setting, with a narrator. The prophecy cannot be fulfilled by a man or a woman, and the villain of the story never wanted to be a villain. Write between 1900 and 2000 words with a third person narrator.

Story: Kay picked their way carefully through the bramble maze, following the trail marked by blue-green blossoms. The blossoms came not from the Tyrant or his servants, but from the river spirit they’d befriended several years ago, an act of love for a friend rather than a favor for a favor.
        The world seemed to work better for Kay when they made friends instead of bargains.
        “I’d for sure have gotten lost long since,” Kay whispered to the flickering spirit, who had chosen the form of an otter. “Thank you for this blessing.”
        “Just come back to me alive when you’re done here.” The otter’s words sounded like the muttering of quick water over rocks, burbling and chuckling in pleasant contentment. Only, Kay knew that this particular river had no bottom and that far too many had fallen in to never be seen again, no matter how the river spirit tried to save them.
        “I intend to come through this alive and intact, but we’ll see whether I have navigated the twists and turns of the prophecy correctly.” 
        “I think you have,” the otter burbled, “but I’m merely a spirit. The prophecy was spoken by Dhen himself.”
        The god of good and light, or so he called himself. The trouble was, Dhen seemed to think the world was made of only good and evil, and thought that light and day meant good while dark and night meant evil.
        Kay had no idea whether Dhen had even bothered to look in on the world since coming into being, but suspected he had not. After all, sometimes the dark held good things, like time spent with friends after work was done, while the light held evil things, like unjust decrees from petty lords.
        “Feh. I’ll not besmirch his name, but he’d do better to spend time amongst us mortal folk. Maybe then he would see the world for what it is, instead of what he thinks it should be.” 
        Suddenly the bramble maze opened up into a wide space around a moat filled with a dark liquid, and Kay could see a castle made of some black stone that almost looked like obsidian on the far side of the moat. Kay hadn’t been sure what to expect, since nobody wanted to talk about the Tyrant or his stronghold, but a castle of perhaps three stories, at most, made them shake their head.
        “That’s more modest than I’d have expected. And before I even get to the castle, there’s a moat that I probably don’t want to fall into.” 
        The otter agreed, flowing through the air around Kay. “It’s not water, so I won’t be able to help.”
        “The woods-witch said there’d be a bell on a post at the edge of the moat, and she hasn’t been wrong yet.” Kay turned to the otter. “You’ve been a good friend, but I don’t think it’s safe for you to come with me. I like my friends. I don’t have enough of them, and I don’t want to lose you.”
        Grinning, the river spirit spun in a quick circle around Kay, a delicate crown of shining stones settling on their head. “A diadem, to remind you of bright things in dark places. Be well, my friend, and I look forward to hearing about how you bested the Tyrant.” 
        The otter popped like a soap bubble, and Kay laughed.
        Sure enough, after a bit of looking, there was the post and there was the bell. But when they examined the bell, there wasn’t a clapper and there wasn’t anything around to strike the bell.
        “Now, what was it she had said? I’m not to touch the bell to make it sound, but sound it I must or else I’ll never get across.” After thinking for a bit, Kay groaned. “It probably needs me to sing at it. I hate singing.”
        They glared at the bell, and launched into “The Milkmaid and the Swineherd” – but before they got to the really funny parts, the bell quivered, shook, and finally rang. It sounded like there was a clapper inside, but Kay still couldn’t see anything. 
        Then, they were distracted by a boat skimming into view from out of nowhere, empty as air. It stopped next to the still ringing bell and bobbed gently in the moat. Kay heard a voice saying, “Well? Get in.”
        “Thank you kindly,” Kay said before lifting the hem of their skirt and stepping lightly in.
        The voice without a body said from the air near the back of the boat, “Hm, not often we get polite ones here. Usually they’re scared or righteous. But those who’ve come this far are clearly here to face the Tyrant.” The boat drifted gently across the moat.
        Kay glanced down at themself. Tunic and skirt, homespun and plain, with nothing to count as a weapon except for maybe their knife, which was at most a threat to well-cooked meat. The gift of the river spirit glittered on their head, but that was really the only thing unusual about them. “How do you mean?”
        “Hah! Modest, too, or foolish. No weapons, plain clothes, and a spirit-gift on your head. You’ve done your research.”
        Kay sighed. “Well, yes. Tyrants aren’t generally good for the common folk, no matter why they’re tyrants. At least, when there’s a prophecy, that makes it more possible to end the harm.” 
        “Practical too. I could wish more folk were like you.”
        “Are you a spirit bound to the boat? Or the boat itself?” Kay asked. 
        There was a moment of silence as the boat bumped into the shore at the far side of the moat. “Bound, I’m afraid. No freedom for me unless the Tyrant falls. I was one of the first heroes to try and defeat him. Now my spirit is cursed to remain in service to him, the same as all those who fail.” 
        Kay stepped carefully off the boat, then turned and bowed. “I hope that I am successful, then.”
        “I hope so too,” the voice said sadly. The expectation that Kay would fail was clear in the spirit’s tone as the boat moved away and out of sight.
        Turning, Kay made for the gate of the castle, which was by all appearances unguarded. The doors stood open, the portcullis raised, and the way into the main hall was free of obstruction.         Which made sense, Kay reasoned, as the Wasteland, the briar maze, and the moat would probably deter most threats. Never mind the prophecy, which seemed to exclude anyone living from actually doing anything to the Tyrant. According to the accounts they’d read, in the first few years, a large number had tried to fulfill the prophecy and failed at one step or another. Then after a decade or two, people had just stopped trying, instead focusing on survival under his reign.
        “In for a half-mark, in for a sovereign, I suppose,” Kay said as they walked through the gate. Everything was quiet in the hall and the path to the throne room was well marked. Kay found the decor a bit depressing, but supposed there was only so much a Tyrant could do with pure black stone and nobody to weave tapestries. They thought briefly of exploring a bit, then decided against it. After all, they were clearly here for one reason and delaying the inevitable always struck them as a bit futile.
        The throne room itself wasn’t terribly large. Kay thought they’d seen larger village squares in their time. What was disturbing about it were the torches burning in shades of blue and violet, the chill in the uncovered stone floor, and the throne itself, which looked about as uncomfortable as you’d expect from an unfinished piece of vaguely chair-shaped granite.
        The man on the throne looked mostly ordinary, aside from wearing all black clothing and armor. Kay thought it made him look sickly and wasted, instead of projecting an air of menace. 
        “Ah, another who seeks to unseat me,” the Tyrant said in a toneless voice. “Surely you know the prophecy.”
        “All of it, dread one.”
        “Then recite it, and prove your folly.”
        Kay paused. Something about the Tyrant felt off, and not just because he was supposedly evil. He seemed… tired. 
        They took a breath, and said, “A Tyrant shall rise from midnight-born son, dread tools to his hands, evil works to his name, until one comes who is neither warrior nor witch, noble nor common-born, man nor woman, to end his reign.”
        “What I see in front of me,” the Tyrant said in a dead voice, “is a girl with too much confidence in her own wits.”
        “Not a girl,” Kay instantly responded.
        “Oh?” A glimmer of interest grew on his face. “A boy, then, dressed as a girl, to get around the prophecy.”
        “Not a boy either, dread Tyrant.”
        Slowly, the sallow man sat up, eyes widening. “You’re not a boy or a girl? Neither man nor woman stands in front of me?”
        “No. I was a foundling given to the temples of Atra the Scroll-Keeper, so my parents are unknown. I was trained in letters and numbers, but no magic nor weapon. And my guardians called me a shifting child, because my gender shifted then and still shifts now from day to day.”
        Sighing, the Tyrant settled back into his throne. “You said your parentage is unknown. For all you know, you could be the child of a noble, born on the wrong side of the sheets.”
        Kay coughed delicately. “I am a scholar, and scholars aren’t bound to lineage. That’s part of the deal made with Atra when she accepts us. Once we declare that we’re hers, she adopts us.         Well, at least as much as a god can adopt a mortal.”
        Trembling, the Tyrant stood. As he walked toward Kay, they saw how weary he looked, how utterly defeated. Yet in that moment, there was hope on his face.
        “Do you know how long I’ve waited for this?” he said. “I wasn’t asked what I wanted from life. I just happened to be a boy born at the wrong time in the wrong place. I wanted to travel the world as a merchant or as a vagabond.” He stopped in front of Kay, and collapsed to his knees. “I only ever wanted to be normal, but a god’s prophecy sealed my doom.”
        Kay took a deep breath. “Are you ready to end your reign at my hands?”
        He nodded.
        Kay reached to the crown on the Tyrant’s head. It was a twisty, pointed thing of something between metal and animate darkness. Gently, they lifted it from his head. “I declare your reign over, and you no longer Tyrant.”
        The crown, free of the head that had been forced to bear it for so long, swirled and faded into nothingness. Around them, the walls of the castle began to quiver and evaporate like morning fog. Meanwhile, Kay could hear the shouts of joy from those who’d tried before them and failed.
        “I’m, I’m free,” the man, no longer Tyrant, said.
        Kay took the diadem from their own head and delicately transferred it to the man’s head. 
        “I give you this gift, for seeing bright things in dark places. I think you need it more than I do now.” 
        Tears ran down his face as his armor, last to fade, became a simple pair of pants and a tattered shirt. “I’m Josen. I’m finally just Josen again.”
        “It’s good to meet you, Josen. I’m called Kay.”

=====

Prompt: Write a short story about a myth or legend being fulfilled in an unusual or unexpected way, or even cleverly bypassed by a strong female character. Write the story from the first-person perspective. The female protagonist must help another character to bypass a punishment unjustly inflicted on them by another character in the myth or legend. Other characters in the story may or may not know that the protagonist helped the character circumvent the punishment. The ending of the story must be abrupt. Keep the word count must be between 800 and 900.

Story: Many good myths about human creation involve knowledge and an apple. Sometimes, a bad apple. Other times, there is a desire for knowledge that is forbidden. They say an apple a day keeps the doctor away, and as legend would have it, such knowledge saved the liver of Prometheus. Or so the story goes. However, I think it is important to separate the myth from the god, even if he is a Titan.  
        Let’s get this story started! Cue the music! It is the most wonderful time of the year! 
        As we enjoy the season, I stand here talking to you, my friends, in front of the golden statue of Prometheus. I had a part in making this creation, which now sits in the hustle and bustle of the Rockefeller Center. But, I’ll tell you more about that later. {1} 
        It’s amazing. Festive people are willing to brave the cold and wait over an hour in line to rent dirty, used skates, just to be on the ice there in front of him, Prometheus. A golden god in the Big Apple. Oh, the irony. The music, the lights, and a tale as old as time— or older. After all, it predates the Julian and Gregorian calendars.
        You folks know the basic story of Prometheus, right? He is the god that brought you fire. You’ve done quite well for yourselves, by the way. Zeus was really upset about the situation and sentenced Prometheus to an eternal recurrence of having his liver eaten by an eagle each day. Nietzsche’s evil demon would have a field day with this myth — I mean the worst day of your life on eternal repeat. But, I digress.  
        So, as the myths go concerning Prometheus, much has been said. However, for us,  it begins with Heracles, a son of Zeus, who needed information about how to get golden apples. Prometheus had this knowledge, but he was chained to a rock, as I have mentioned, and having his liver eaten by an eagle on orders from Zeus. All because he gave fire to you humans. 
        Normally, Zeus would not want his orders second guessed and Prometheus would be eternally damned. However, Heracles found himself on a mission that required the “second questioning of Zeus” because Prometheus is the only one who can answer his question. Heracles needs to know how to get the golden apples, and Prometheus knows the answer. 
        Zeus was not happy about this turn of events, but it was his argument with Hera that put his son in this situation. Heracles shot the eagle eating the liver with an arrow, Prometheus was freed from the rock, and they all lived happily ever after. 
        Not really, that is not how Greek Mythology actually rolls, but you get the idea. 
        Sometimes a story is just that, a tale.The truth is something different from this myth you have been told. Let me tell you the real legend. 
        As you might have guessed, I, my dear friends, am Athena, the goddess of wisdom, war, and justice. I was also a mentor of sorts to Prometheus, who got the fire from my workshop. We all love our students, and Prometheus and I go way back in terms of our affinity to humankind. We have created you folks together. Plato and Aeschylus have some theories, and who I am to argue with the great ones. However, truth is in the eye of the teller. Let me tell you how the myth actually unfolds. 
        I find out that Zeus chained Prometheus to a rock for all eternity. Of course, I am upset. To be honest, eternal incarceration didn’t seem just to me, and justice is my thing. Therefore, I sent my owl to deal with the eagle. Suffice it to say, she returned to me with most of her feathers intact. 
        Contrary to the myth, I unchained Prometheus, and he being the Loki of his time, constructed a golden statue that would come to life should anyone approach. Zeus would never know. This worked for years, until the time of the great relationship problems. 
        When Prometheus and I found out about the twelve labors of Heracles, we knew it was only a matter of time before he would show up at the rock looking for answers. The statue would not be able to supply the knowledge sought by Heracles, so we had to chain Prometheus on the rock again and find a new eagle. This eagle did not eat livers, but we were hoping Heracles would have other things on his mind and not notice this particular detail. I took the golden statue to a garden at the edge of the world, where it remained in hiding for years. Thus, the poets told the tale of Prometheus’s release from bondage by Heracles. All hail the poets and their conveyance of truth. 
        The story ends here, my friend. I’m sorry I did not have time to tell you how the statue came to be in the Big Apple. I must be gone now. More tales, at another time.

=====

Prompt: Write a 1,400 to 1500 word short story about the myth of Sisyphus being resolved in an unexpected way. Base it on the character Sisyphus from Greek mythology. Begin the story with this quote from Albert Camus: The struggle itself towards the heights is enough to fill a man's heart. One must imagine Sisyphus happy. The story should be narrated by Euphrosyne, the Greek goddess of mirth. By the end of the story, Sisyphus should find happiness.

Story: "The struggle itself towards the heights is enough to fill a man's heart. One must imagine Sisyphus happy."- Albert Camus
        Dear one, look down and watch his ceaseless labor.
        How can you not be charmed by Sisyphus? First, there is the gorgeous, hulking frame of the man. When you first see him, from a distance, don't you think that he looks more like a Titan than a mortal? As he pushes the enormous boulder up the steep slope, his back glistening with sweat, the muscles of his legs straining with pulsing tension, is he not a glorious sight to behold? But, soon you will see that it is not his magnificent body or godlike strength that makes him the brightest and most beautiful sight in this grim underworld. 
        No. What will astound you is his smile.
        In the living world, Sisyphus was the great and brutal King of Ephyra. He betrayed his own family, violated the fundamental laws of hospitality by murdering visitors in his home, defied the almighty Zeus, and escaped from the underworld twice. When the gods finally pinned him down and dragged him, for a third time, into the land of the dead, he must have expected the worst of torments. Would he be bound to a burning wheel? Would he starve for all eternity as luscious grapes grew just barely beyond the desperate grasp of his fingers? Would his dignified body be transformed into that of some abhorrent creature, while his mind dissolved into madness?
        Instead, Hades brought him to the bottom of the chasm that you see here, below you. Hades charged Sisyphus with a simple task: push a boulder to the top. Hades stood near to watch Sisyphus’ first attempt. I’ve heard that Sisyphus definitely smirked at the god of the underworld. He put the giant rock to his shoulder and began to push with remarkable force. The boulder launched forward, almost too quickly. Mere hours later, both man and stone were just at the cusp of the summit. Eyes, joyful with anticipated victory, Sisyphus took a final, gasping breath and threw his full weight upon the boulder. That is when it happened: the mighty king lost his footing and took one small step backwards as the boulder slipped out of his grasp and tumbled back down the slope. 
        I have heard that he attempted the ascent thousands of times before the smirk left his face. The gods would sometimes visit Sisyphus, casually taunting him as he lost control of the boulder again and again. As the river slowly erodes even the most mighty mountain, redundant defeat wears away at any man’s pride. Time after time, Sisyphus watched as the boulder crashed down the slope to rest at the very point at which his journey had begun. 
        But that was before he met me.
        I am Euphrosyne, the goddess of mirth. I often visited the underworld to give some relief to my lovely niece, Persephone. She told me of Sisyphus. He met Persephone on his second journey to her dim underworld and, like so many before her, she was charmed by this arrogant man’s sheer will to live. He told her wild stories about his life above and made outlandish claims about how his wife had disrespected him and refused to give him proper burial rights. Persephone hadn’t believed him for a moment. Too many swift tongued warriors and deviant royals had tried to fool the queen of the underworld. However, she had recently quarreled with her dower husband, Hades. Persephone knew how much it would infuriate Hades if Sisyphus were to escape from the domain of the dead for a second time. So, she granted him secret passage back into the world of the living and relished the mayhem that followed.
        It was Persephone who brought me to watch Sisyphus in his fruitless pursuits. By now, he had become so beaten down that he was barely able to move the boulder. He would only take a few steps before it would escape his grasp and barrel down the slope to the starting point again. His once fierce eyes had become listless and dull. His proud grimace had turned into a vacant stare.
        I took Persephone by the hand, and together we approached the shell of the man who had once been Sisyphus. He did not even look up as we approached him, likely assuming that we were more gods coming to gawk at his tortured existence. 
        I followed him as he began his trek up the steep incline. Then, just as he was about to falter, I stood beside him and put my own hands upon the boulder. Our eyes met. Slowly and wordlessly, we began to push the rock together. 
        Even with my immortal strength, the weight was nearly unbearable. We said nothing but grunted together under the labor. In unison, we shoved the boulder forward. Time passed. Persephone watched from the valley below, a strange look of excitement in her eyes. Sisyphus and I were together, nearly at the very top of the chasm. I could see the precipice only steps away from us. Sisyphus turned to me and I saw something come alive in his eyes. We both gave one, final, powerful shove. For just a moment, we both truly believed that this time, with our shared strength, the boulder would finally reach the very top of the mountain. In my mind, I saw the boulder resting like a crown on the tip of the chasm. I imagined the dim skies above clearing, birdsong filling the air, the mirth and levity that filled my waking days in the world above entering into this grim and lifeless place.
        Then, just as it had countless times before, the rock, enchanted by powers stronger than my own, slipped out of both of our grasps. With a devastating crash, it rolled away from us. Sisyphus and I watched as the enormous stone came to rest, far below us, at Persephone’s feet.
        “Why push the stone? Why try when you know you will never reach the top?” I asked Sisyphus.
        “I have always been pushing the stone. I will always be pushing the stone,” he replied.
        “Then let us push it together.” I said, putting my hand on his shoulder as we both began our trek back down the mountain to return to our labors once again.
        This next time, the boulder did not feel so heavy. As we pushed together, I began to tell him stories. I described the brilliant glow of Mount Olympus and sang him nymph songs. He recanted stories from his life, full of trickery, schemes, and the most dreadful but delightful humor. It felt as if no time had passed before we were nearly at the top again. And again, we watched together as the boulder went hurtling down the mountain.
        “You will always be pushing this stone,” I told him.
        “Yes,” he returned.
        “You will always be pushing this stone, but you do not have to push it alone,” I said.
        “Will you return and help me push it?” he asked.
        “Always,” I said.
        And that is when I first saw it: Sisyphus’s vibrant smile. He smiled with his whole face. This was the most alive I had ever felt in the underworld.
        I often return to this place, and always find Sisyphus at work, but not in pain. We labor together and talk as we labor. Although we both know what the results will be, we smile as we do this fruitless work. He will always be pushing the stone. Neither of us have any hope that the stone will ever make it to the summit. We have no power to complete the task. Yet, we do have the power to feel joy as we exist in the cycle of absurdity together.
        So, why do I now bring you here, to Sisyphus’s summit? You too, my dear, now reside forever in this dim post-life world. It is gray and barren. The sun will never again shine on your face. Wine will never again pass your lips. Your life, with all of its joys, is forever behind you. But here, in this broken place, I want to introduce you to Sisyphus. If ever the despair becomes too much or the solitude too deep, come here, and work alongside this condemned man. I hope you find that, even here, in this world without hope or reason, there can still be joy.